could have by his uncle
and could have done
I will not die rose, I will not die rose.
Sing and cry with all your heart,
All I hear in my heart of God.
Heaven bless the one who,
I will not die rose, I will not die rose.
I will not die rose,
Deep in the heart of heaven I choose.
Heaven bless the one who,
Heaven bless the one who.
On earth and high, holy night,
All is calm, all is bright,
Round yon earth, loud and chide,
Holy in them so tender and mild,
Sleep in heavenly peace,
Sleep in heavenly peace.
Silent night, holy night,
Shepherd's way, gladness bright,
Glory stream from heaven afar,
Heavenly hosts sing hallelujah,
Christ the Savior is born,
Christ the Savior is born.
I will not die rose, I will not die rose.
I will not die rose,
Deep in the heart of heaven I choose.
Glory in the higher world,
Heaven bless the one who,
Heaven bless the one who.
I will not die rose, I will not die rose.